README.md, before:

# ETDPortal

ETDPortal software is a scalable repository service application for creating repository federated services. It is developed and maintained by the [Digital Libraries Laboratory](http://dl.cs.uct.ac.za) at the [University of Cape Town](http://www.uct.ac.za).
There are presently two know live deployment instances: The South African [National ETD Portal](http://www.netd.ac.za) and the global [NDLTD Union Archive](http://union.ndltd.org).
For more information, please visit [http://dl.cs.uct.ac.za/projects/etd_portal](http://dl.cs.uct.ac.za/projects/etd_portal)

## Downloads

The latest release of ETDPortal can be downloaded from the [Official code repository](http://simba.cs.uct.ac.za/indefero/index.php/p/etdportal).

## Documentation / Installation

The latest ETDPortal Installation instructions are in the code repository, under the docs directory.

ETDPortal requires a relational database (only MySQL is presently supported) and a servlet container (only Tomcat 6 has been successfully tested) in order to function.
More information about these and all other prerequisites tools and services can be found in the Installation instructions above.

## Contributors

ETDPortal is developed and maintained by the Digital Libraries Laboratory. There is no centralized development or support team, 
however, students affiliated with the lab periodically help improve the software and documentation.

The list of all known contributors to ETDPortal software can be found on the [project page](http://dl.cs.uct.ac.za/projects/etd_portal).

## Getting Help

For any major issues, please contact [Hussein Suleman](http://people.cs.uct.ac.za/~hussein)

## Issue Tracker

The ETDPortal Issue Tracker can be found at: http://simba.cs.uct.ac.za/indefero/index.php/p/etdportal/issues

## License

ETDPortal source code is freely available.

Commit message:

Added setup and configuration video link

README.md, after:

# ETDPortal

ETDPortal software is a scalable repository service application for creating repository federated services. It is developed and maintained by the [Digital Libraries Laboratory](http://dl.cs.uct.ac.za) at the [University of Cape Town](http://www.uct.ac.za).
There are presently two know live deployment instances: The South African [National ETD Portal](http://www.netd.ac.za) and the global [NDLTD Union Archive](http://union.ndltd.org).
For more information, please visit [http://dl.cs.uct.ac.za/projects/etd_portal](http://dl.cs.uct.ac.za/projects/etd_portal)

## Downloads

The latest release of ETDPortal can be downloaded from the [Official code repository](http://simba.cs.uct.ac.za/indefero/index.php/p/etdportal).

## Documentation / Installation

The latest ETDPortal Installation instructions are in the code repository, under the docs directory.

A video demonstration of how to setup and configure ETDPortal is [available here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_UBEvxUoKo)

ETDPortal requires a relational database (only MySQL is presently supported) and a servlet container (only Tomcat 6 has been successfully tested) in order to function.
More information about these and all other prerequisites tools and services can be found in the Installation instructions above.

## Contributors

ETDPortal is developed and maintained by the Digital Libraries Laboratory. There is no centralized development or support team, 
however, students affiliated with the lab periodically help improve the software and documentation.

The list of all known contributors to ETDPortal software can be found on the [project page](http://dl.cs.uct.ac.za/projects/etd_portal).

## Getting Help

For any major issues, please contact [Hussein Suleman](http://people.cs.uct.ac.za/~hussein)

## Issue Tracker

The ETDPortal Issue Tracker can be found at: http://simba.cs.uct.ac.za/indefero/index.php/p/etdportal/issues

## License

ETDPortal source code is freely available.
